Release 5.8.3 (#6618)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/release-notes/dashboard.md

</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed an Incompatibility with DocumentDB for Certain Endpoint Names</summary>

Fixed an issue where endpoints that contain dots in the path name failed with an error when creating or updating an API. The issue was caused by the underlying storage not accepting dots as valid URI characters and was observed only with DocumentDB.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Preserved Categories and Ownership on Tyk OAS Update</summary>

Fixed an issue where API Categories and Ownership could be lost when applying an updated OpenAPI description to a Tyk OAS API.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Fixed Middleware Not Triggering in Tyk OAS Debugger</summary>

Fixed an issue where some middleware (API-level rate limit and mock response) were not triggered correctly when using the Tyk OAS API designer's built in debugger to test APIs.
</details>
</li>
<li>
<details>
<summary>Removed Empty Fields in Tyk Classic to Tyk OAS Conversion</summary>

> Fixed an issue when converting Tyk Classic API definitions to Tyk OAS format that could lead to unnecessary empty fields in the Tyk OAS API definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that occurred when converting Tyk Classic API definitions to Tyk OAS format, which could result in unnecessary empty fields in the Tyk OAS API definition.
```

##### 3rd Party Dependencies & Tools {#3rdPartyTools-v5.8.3}

| Third Party Dependency                                     | Tested Versions        | Compatible Versions    | Comments | 
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------- | -------- | 
| [GoLang](https://go.dev/dl/)                               | 1.23       | 1.23       | [Go plugins]({{< ref "api-management/plugins/golang" >}}) must be built using Go 1.23 | 
| [Redis](https://redis.io/download/)  | 6.2.x, 7.x  | 6.2.x, 7.x  | Used by Tyk Dashboard | 
| [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community)  | 5.0.x, 6.0.x, 7.0.x  | 5.0.x, 6.0.x, 7.0.x  | Used by Tyk Dashboard | 
| [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)         | 13.x - 17.x        | 13.x - 17.x            | Used by Tyk Dashboard | 
| [OpenAPI Specification](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/v3.0.3) | v3.0.x      | v3.0.x          | Supported by [Tyk OAS]({{< ref "api-management/gateway-config-tyk-oas#tyk-vendor-extension-reference" >}})|

#### Deprecations

There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions {#upgrade-5.8.3}

> If you are upgrading to 5.8.2, please follow the detailed [upgrade instructions](#upgrading-tyk). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are upgrading to 5.8.3, please follow the detailed [upgrade instructions](#upgrading-tyk). 
```
